Adding ensuring unique identifiers in collaborative projects (#563)
opengisch/QField-docs: documentation/get-started/tutorials/advanced-setup-qfc.en.md

## Supported vector providers

Currently, QFieldCloud supports GeoPackage and PostGIS layers for collaborative editing.
Other formats supported by QGIS should also work but are not officially supported.

## Working with GeoPackages

Using GeoPackages is usually the best choice for a simple setup to centralize data collected by your QField users to one single file.

> If you would like to set up a relation, it is recommended to add a UUID field on your table, and to use that as a foreign key instead of geoPackage's `fid`, as they are subject to change to avoid conflicts if two users create new records at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to set up a relation, it is recommended to add a UUID field on your table and to use that as primary and foreign key. Do not use GeoPackage's `fid` field as this is not unique accross multiple users.
```

Simpler

!!! warning
    This workflow does not support changing the GeoPackage on the desktop, as being file-based, the whole GeoPackage will be replaced. This means that data can only be digitized using QFieldCloud.

#### Ensuring Unique Identifiers in projects

For collaborative projects, it is highly recommended to use the expression `epoch(now())` for primary key identifier integer fields ("fid").

> Ensure that the "Apply default value on update" option is not activated. This approach helps improve synchronization, as the `epoch(now())` expression generates a unique identifier based on milliseconds, ensuring that each record has a distinct identifier.

Reviewer: @beanzmo this still applies

!!! warning
    This workflow does not support changing the GeoPackage on the desktop, as being file-based, the whole GeoPackage will be replaced. This means that data can only be digitized using QFieldCloud.

!!! info

>     For the layers intended for use in surveying with multiple users, it is recommended to use the expression `epoch(now())` in the field "fid" as this requires a unique identifier.

Author: Great!.... Many thanks!

    When using `direct database access`, QFieldCloud will directly edit data on the PostGIS database. This will only work with a reliable internet connection in the field, but has the advantage that all data is directly visible to all users and allows to use any PostGIS specific setup (triggers, generated fields, etc).

!!! note
    When using `offline editing`, QField will work on a local copy of the database in a GeoPackage, which will be synced by QFieldCloud to the original database.
    This is the best choice if the connection in the field is not reliable.
    Changes will only be visible to users once they sync to QFieldCloud.
    As a local copy is created, advanced PostGIS features will not be available on QField.

>     Just like for regular GeoPackages, if you define relationships, it is recommended to use UUIDs instead of integer primary keys to avoid conflicts if multiple users create data at the same time.

Author: Thanks!

    When using `direct database access`, QFieldCloud will directly edit data on the PostGIS database. This will only work with a reliable internet connection in the field, but has the advantage that all data is directly visible to all users and allows to use any PostGIS specific setup (triggers, generated fields, etc).

!!! note

>     When using `offline editing`, QField will work on a local copy of the database in a GeoPackage, which will be synced by QFieldCloud to the original database once synchronized by the user. This is the best choice if the connection in the field is not reliable. Changes will only be visible to users once the synchronization via QFieldCloud has been applied on the different devices. As a local copy is created, advanced PostGIS operations (like triggers) will not be available on QField. Just like for regular GeoPackages, if relationships are defined, it is recommended to use a UUID field instead of the fid as the primary key to avoid conflicts if multiple users create data at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When using `offline editing`, QField will work on a local copy of the database in a GeoPackage, which will be synced by QFieldCloud to the original database once synchronized by the user.
    This is the best choice if the connection in the field is not reliable
     Changes will only be visible to users once the synchronization via QFieldCloud has been applied on the different devices.
    As a local copy is created, advanced PostGIS operations (like triggers) will not be available on QField.
    Just like for regular GeoPackages, if relationships are defined, it is recommended to use a UUID field instead of the fid as the primary key to avoid conflicts if multiple users create data at the same time.
```
